hello in the previous video we have you
shown the film installation
in glass on the samsung galaxy s 4 in the
our store are now available
same glass films then with the
same properties for the galaxy note due
the galaxy note 3
the galaxy s iii and the galaxy s 4 le
properties of the glass film like
we explained to you in the previous video
concern the complete transparency of the
film also protects against impacts
that from the display high resistance to
temperature and touch sensitivity
greater than those films
in plastic
let's see now what it is
the effect of the glass film
applied on the galaxy note 3 comes
installed the film to these
open this opening for the sensors
the cash and as we have said in
previously it has a greater thickness
compared to other films
in fact, here we are going to apply
the stone cover the home button that is
supplied and they in white for the
version of cara xnote 3 white either
Black
then we apply the moment a
coverage
ok
and see how the glass film does not
it interferes with the use of the
nib
the colors are very bright on the display
we remember that we also have anti-scratch
shown with screwdriver like this
film is resistant and is also
anti fingerprint thanks for attention e
see you soon. Bye